Link to repository table in documentation repository (README change only) (#1251)
corona-warn-app/cwa-server: README.md

## Repositories

| Repository                | Description                                                                  |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [cwa-documentation]       | Project overview, general documentation, and white papers.                   |
| [cwa-app-ios]             | Native iOS app using the Apple/Google exposure notification API.             |
| [cwa-app-android]         | Native Android app using the Apple/Google exposure notification API.         |
| [cwa-wishlist]            | Community feature requests.                                                  |
| [cwa-website]             | The official website for the Corona-Warn-App.                                |
| [cwa-server]              | Backend implementation for the Apple/Google exposure notification API.       |

> | [cwa-ppa-server]          | Backend implementation for the privacy-preserving analytics server.          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [cwa-ppa-server]          | Backend implementation for the data donation server.          |
```
